Title: Ticket - Nurturing the Math Instinct

URL Source: https://mathforlove.gumroad.com/l/oct24ticket?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1q7qbay*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzU2MzAuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
This is a ticket to an in-person event.

**Nurturing the Math Instinct - a talk for grownups.  
How to foster a love of math from birth through Kindergarten.**

Tuesday, October 24, 2023, 7:00pm

At the Phinney Neighborhood Association in Seattle. (Exact address on ticket.)

Sliding Scale: $10 - 20. All proceeds go to the Phinney Neighborhood Preschool Co-op.

Play may be the single most critical element of mathematical learning for young children.

In this talk, we'll review some of the science on the power of play and explore ways we can play with mathematics with young kids at home.

Supporting your child’s mathematical development may be simpler and more fun that you’d think!

**Topics include:**

*   Science on the impact of play and children's development of mathematical reasoning
*   Games and activities for numeracy
*   Mathematical language
*   Mathematizing children's books
*   Being a mathematical role model (even if you don’t feel like one)

Speaker: [Dan Finkel](https://mathforlove.com/dan-finkel/)

Dan Finkel is a game creator, curriculum writer, puzzle author, and math evangelist. He gives talks nationally and internationally, and his TEDx Talk - 5 Principles of Extraordinary Math Teaching - has been viewed over a million times.

Dan is the Founder of [mathforlove.com](http://mathforlove.com/), a Seattle-based organization devoted to transforming how math is taught and learned. The math games he created with his wife, Katherine Cook, have won over 30 awards. They include Prime Climb, Tiny Polka Dot, Multiplication by Heart, and Rolly Poly. Dan is also Cofounder of [earlyfamilymath.org](http://earlyfamilymath.org/), which provides free, quality math resources for children from 8 months to 8 years. His new math book for kids, Pattern Breakers, was published in 2023.

RAFFLE for [Math for Love games](https://mathforlove.com/awg) to be held at event!

Questions? Contact [Dan@mathforlove.com](mailto:Dan@mathforlove.com).