Title: Coming To Know Number + Developing Mathematical Fluency Full Text Bundle

URL Source: https://mathematicslearning.gumroad.com/l/ctkndmfbundle?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1u80gmd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzU2NzEuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
### **NEW!!**

**Save by purchasing the Full Texts of two of Dr. Grayson Wheatley's most popular textbooks together as a bundle.**

**When you purchase this bundle, you get instant access to download all three .PDF files:**

1.  **Coming To Know Number (Second Edition) (Full Text)**
2.  **Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 (Full Text)**

### **1) Coming To Know Number (Second Edition) (Full Text)**

This 233-page book is a fresh and effective approach to elementary school mathematics.

It features ready-to-use activity sheets that are research-based and promote lasting number sense.

Coming to Know Number emphasizes thinking in tens and mathematical reasoning. Two decades of research with these activities document the effectiveness of using Problem Centered Learning in helping students develop strong number sense and confidence in themselves as mathematics students.

> **"An indispensable supplement to any mathematics program."**
> 
> **Featuring**

*   A fresh and effective approach to number development
*   A rich set of pupil-ready activity sheets
*   Encourages students to construct meaningful methods of computing
*   Helps students learn to think in tens
*   Enhances mathematical reasoning in arithmetic
*   Research-based activities shown to promote number development.

### **2) Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 (Full Text)**

Mathematical fluency involves being able to reason mathematically and compute accurately, efficiently, and flexibly (NCTM, 2000).

The meaningful and engaging activities in this book have been carefully designed and tested in classrooms. Emphasis is placed on problem solving, fractions, decimals, percent, and algebraic thinking.

Fundamental to the implementation of this mathematics program is the Problem Centered Learning instructional strategy, in which students work in groups and explain their reasoning to other students.

This 300-page activity resource book is a companion to Coming to Know Number.

Developing Mathematical Fluency is also appropriate for homeschooling, tutors, and interested parents.