Title: Server: Racket—Practical Web Development with the Racket HTTP Server

URL Source: https://jessealama.gumroad.com/l/serverracket?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1u80gmd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzU2NzEuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
10 ratings

“If Racket is so great, why isn't it more widely used in web development?”

You’d _love_ to make a site in Racket, the hottest Lisp out there. The Racket developers have built up a truly impressive system that’s a real pleasure to use.

All the ingredients appear to be there:

Built in web-server? _Check_.

High-quality, thorough documentation? _Check_ and _check_.

A Lisp that feels like it comes from the future? **Oh yeah**.

But there’s precious little guidance out there on how to make real-world web sites with the Racket web server.

Sure, the official documentation contains a handful of simple examples. They’re a good start. But you’re not sure how to move from them to making a more complex site. There’s a big gap.

Maybe you start to suspect that Racket’s HTTP server is just a fancy toy.

Maybe you’ve even given up on the idea of hacking the web in Lisp.

That would be a real shame, because the Racket web server—while fairly lean compared with other web frameworks out there—is powerful and flexible.

And when you combine Racket’s HTTP server with the cutting-edge features of Racket, we’re talking about a system that web developers can _drool_ over.

Even if you’re new to the web, Racket’s direct approach gives you a delightful way to dip your toes in without getting bogged down in a bazillion different frameworks and dependencies.

### Enter _Server: Racket_

_Server: Racket_ is an ebook all about real-world web development with Racket. In this ebook, you will learn how to make real-world web sites using the built-in Racket HTTP server.

We will build up a full-fledged site, step-by-step, and find out how to solve problems that the official documentation doesn’t talk about (not in detail, anyway, and not in any full-length tutorial).

We’ll dig in to these web development topics and see how to deal with them in Racket.

#### Part 1: HTTP à la Racket

Working with HTTP requests and responses entirely within Racket: no external systems, and using only modules that come standard with Racket.

*   The servlet: In the beginning there was **request?** → **response?**
*   Routes: URL-based dispatching
*   Error handling
*   Logging  
    
*   Working with JSON data  
    
*   HTML templates  
    
*   Processing HTML forms  
    
*   Handling AJAX requests  
    
*   Cookies  
    
*   Testing

#### Part 2: Connecting with external systems

Where we begin to connect to specialized systems running outside of Racket and use specialized packages that aren't included in a standard Racket installation.

*   Using a relational database (**db**, **sql**)  
    
*   Session management (**redis**)  
    
*   Environment variables (**dotenv**)  
    
*   JSON Schema validation (**argo**)  
    
*   Models (object-relational mapping) (**racquel**)  
    
*   Sending HTTP requests (**http**)  
    
*   Caching with memcached (**memcached**)  
    
*   Database migrations with Phinx  
    
*   Racket and Docker  
    
*   A CRUD-style HTTP API  
    
*   Deploying a Racket site behind a proxy server

#### What's included

The ebook is a 184-page PDF, together with Racket starter code to help jump-start your Racket web adventures.

### What others are saying

> _Server: Racket_ was essential reading as I built my first e-commerce site from scratch with Racket. It’s a terrific, practical book with lots of useful ideas and examples.

— Matthew Butterick, creator of [Pollen](https://pollenpub.com/) and author of [_Beautiful Racket_](https://beautifulracket.com/), [_Practical Typography_](https://practicaltypography.com/), and [_Typography for Lawyers_](https://typographyforlawyers.com/), talking about his Racket-powered site [mbtype.com](https://mbtype.com/).

### About the author

I’m Jesse Alama. I’ve been hacking Scheme and Lisp since 1996. And I love building web sites. I’m a full-stack developer by day. And by night, too. I write about these topics over at [lisp.sh](http://lisp.sh/). I made the [Argo](https://docs.racket-lang.org/argo/)  (JSON Schema validator), [json-pointer](https://pkgs.racket-lang.org/package/json-pointer) (a notation for referring to JSON data), and [uri-template](https://pkgs.racket-lang.org/package/uri-template) (RFC 6570) Racket packages. I'm the author of the entry on [the lambda calculus](https://plato.stanford.edu/archives/fall2017/entries/lambda-calculus/) in the _Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy_ and have worked as a researcher in mathematics and computer science, primarily in automated theorem proving.

In my view, Lisp has a lot of potential for shaping how we develop for the web. The flexibility and power of Lisp is well-suited to taking on the web’s thorny problems.

I’m happy to share with you what I’ve learned so far about making web sites using Racket, a truly world-class Lisp.