Title: Functional Architecture of the Human Mental - FULL BOOK  (PkgFLBpdf)

URL Source: https://qgworld.gumroad.com/l/izfqf?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*19juykd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNDEuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
0 ratings

**SUBTITLE: A Reference Psychophysics Treatise of Human Mentation and its Disorders**

8.3 million adult Americans suffer from serious psychological distress. That’s 3.4 percent of the U.S. population. Perhaps you know one of them. Perhaps you are one of them. If you have symptoms of depression, anxiety, hypomania, PTSD, etc., or caring for a close one with psychosis, there’s no doubt that professional help is a large part of the solution. It’s also possible you have tapped into numerous self-help books with various theories and strategies about what you are feeling and facing, and how to cope.

There’s another book you likely haven’t heard of which can supplement, or even serve as the basis for learning about and treating these conditions and many more. Referred to as _“A reference psychophysics treatise of human mentation and its disorders,”_ this book is entitled _Functional Architecture of the Human Mental,_ and for its quality as a monograph and a reference tome it sits in the Health Sciences collections at Harvard, Cambridge, Oxford, Cornell, Universite de Paris, Universite de Montreal, Mount Sinai Icahn School of Medicine, and many other worldwide renown universities and institutions.

Sounds like a mouthful? — because it is! The consummate reference volume dissecting and extolling for the first time the etiology of every divergent human mental condition and which emerge from the normed root partitions of mentation — also a current and comprehensive critical resource for clinical practice, mental health patient support and advocacy.

The authors explain that this massive work exposes several decades of mathematical-physics research in human emotions, cognition, behavior, personality and psychiatric diagnostic entities. In essence, it provides a new understanding of the human mind from an exacting psychophysics vantage. Co-author Joseph J. Jean-Claude explains that _"It is psychology and psychiatry from an exacting psychophysics approach in order to infuse mathematical-physics in the sciences of Mind and finally make them as solid as the core sciences."_ Says co-author Dr. Caroline Stamu-O’Brien, _“This book offers a completely new angle on mental disorders while at the same time complementing the well-known Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Psychiatric Disorders (DSM-5).”_

* * *

With this offer, you will receive:

*   An epub file of Chapter 2 of the book, immediately downloadable so you can start reading right away.
*   A quality pdf copy of the FULL BOOK on a USB Dongle (silver metallic finish) to be mailed out in 24h. Free Shipping. The pdf version is a facsimile of the actual hardcase print copy of the book.
*   Robust encryption in the USB Dongle to protect your investment from undesirable alteration and reproduction. **Attention: No other seller or reseller for this item.**

* * *

Do not expect to read _Functional Architecture of the Human Mental_ from start to finish or cover to cover. Reviewers advise readers to grasp the introduction and then pick and choose a topic of interest, concern or personal relevance. Readers will find a vast, diverse array of coverage in areas such as human sexuality, foundations of the human mental, the different types of personalities, diagnosis of every psychogenic disorder, learning disorders, insomnia, stuttering, hysteria — topics large and small and far too many to mention.

The overall information contained in this Volume will prove valuable not only to physicians and most other mental health professionals and patient advocates, but lay readers with curiosity about cognition, behavior and characterology in general. The most empowering resource to satisfy intellectual curiosity and expand clinical understanding of our minds.

[See a book preview](https://qgworld.gumroad.com/l/ckjlc)

* * *

**AUTHORS' BACKGROUNDS**

**Joseph J. Jean-Claude** is an Electronics and Laser-Optics Associate Engineer with long-running research in Theoretical Physics, several published monographs and a plethora of articles on fundamental physics subjects. He is a member of the American Physical Society (APS), a well-known dependency of the American Institute of Physics (AIP). Joseph carries out research in Cognitive Science and Psychopathology, Foundations of Mathematics, Relativity and Quantum Physics. He currently holds a count of nearly 40,000 reads of his writings altogether among the scholarly audience (SSRN – ResearchGate – Academia-edu). He has been a small business owner in the telecom sector, holds patent No 6,078,653 by the United States Patent & Trademark Office, and has served as a consultant with GTE-Verizon.

**Dr. Caroline Stamu-O’Brien** is an established and highly skilled physician with two decades of experience in psychiatry. She received her medical degree from the “Carol Davila” Medical School in Bucharest. Her residency was completed at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in New York City. She later pursued a post-doctoral training at the Mount Sinai Medical Center, where she completed a fellowship in schizophrenia research and psychopharmacology. Dr. Stamu-O’Brien was also trained in sex therapy at New York University. She is a diplomate of the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology in Psychiatry. She specializes in clinical psychopharmacology and provides comprehensive psychiatric evaluations, medication management, and individual therapy by using an integrative approach to mental illness. Her expertise includes adjustment disorders, mood disorders, anxiety disorders, ADHD, schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders, eating disorders, insomnia, and cognitive disorders.

She remains an active staff member at Woodhull Medical Center, Brooklyn, an affiliate hospital of NYU Langone where she has admitting privileges and holds a clinical position in the outpatient mental health clinic. Over the years, Dr. Stamu-O’Brien held positions of Clinical Associate in Psychiatry at Mount Sinai Medical Center, Clinical Instructor in Psychiatry at NY Presbyterian-Cornell Weill Medical Center, and Assistant Professor in Psychiatry at NYU Langone.

* * *

**RECOMMENDATIONS**

**_Stephan C. M._**_, MD Neuropsychopharmacology, Assoc Prof Psychiatry at University of Pennsylvania  School of Medicine, USA_  
**_Mustafa A. K-M_**_, BSc Theoretical Physics, MD Neurology and Neuroimmunology, USA_  
**_Himanshu T._**_, PhD Nutrients Management, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel University of Agriculture and Technology, India_  
**_Anton Iliev_**_, PhD Applied Mathematics, Prof. at Plodiv University “Paisii Hilendarski”, Bulgaria_  
**_Muhammad R.,_** _MSc Theoretical Physics, Dept of Physics, University of Auckland, Pakistan_

**_Adriana T._** _, PhD Student Psychology:_  
"_Impeccable resource. What a timely analysis! Mental health has been declared an epidemic. Depression, anxiety and the affectations of the mind are at an all time high. This book is an impeccable source with decades long clinical, academic and research experience."_

**_Dana Marie,_** _BA Psychology:_  
_"This book has a very thought-provoking perspective on the correlation between mathematical-physics concepts and the understanding of mental illness, providing valuable insights for those seeking interdisciplinary approach to mental health."_

_...and many more._

ISBN 978-1-668-54162-3 - Publisher: Barnes and Noble Press

* * *

OTHER VERSION OF THIS TITLE AND OTHER BOOKS

[CHAPTER 2 \[epub\]](https://qgworld.gumroad.com/l/ztnzdr)

\*

[BOOK PRINT VERSION](https://qgworld.gumroad.com/l/rluez)

\*

[MY BOOK CATALOG](https://qgworld.gumroad.com/p/my-book-catalog)