Title: Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities  for Grades 5-8 Bundle (Full Text + Pupil Pages)

URL Source: https://mathematicslearning.gumroad.com/l/dmfbundle?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1v1pxsg*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
### **NEW!!**

**You can save by purchasing both Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 (Full Text) and Developing Mathematical Fluency (Pupil Pages) by Dr. Grayson Wheatley and George E. Abshire together as a bundle.**

### **1) Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 by Grayson Wheatley and George E. Abshire (Full Text)**

Mathematical fluency involves being able to reason mathematically and compute accurately, efficiently, and flexibly (NCTM, 2000).

The meaningful and engaging activities in this book have been carefully designed and tested in classrooms. Emphasis is placed on problem solving, fractions, decimals, percent, and algebraic thinking.

Fundamental to the implementation of this mathematics program is the Problem Centered Learning instructional strategy, in which students work in groups and explain their reasoning to other students.

This 300-page activity resource book is a companion to Coming to Know Number.

Developing Mathematical Fluency is also appropriate for homeschooling, tutors, and interested parents.

### **2) Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 by Grayson Wheatley and George E. Abshire (Pupil Pages)**

Mathematic fluency involves having a breadth of mathematical knowledge, being able to reason mathematically and compute accurately, efficiently, and flexibly. (NCTM, 2000)

The meaningful and engaging activities in this book have been carefully designed and tested in classrooms.

Emphasis is placed on problem-solving, fractions, decimals, percent, and algebraic thinking.

This digital file contains the best problems taken from the full-length textbook "Developing Mathematical Fluency."