Title: Coming to Know Number (Second Edition) Bundle (Full Text + Pupil Pages)

URL Source: https://mathematicslearning.gumroad.com/l/ctkn_bundle?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*q25any*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
0 ratings

This bundle contains...
-----------------------

**NEW!!**

**You can purchase both Coming to Know Number (Second Edition) and Coming to Know Number (Pupil Pages) together for a discounted price as a bundle.**

### Coming to Know Number (Second Edition)

_Mathematics Activity Resource for Elementary School Teachers (Full Text) by Dr. Grayson Wheatley and Dr. Anne Reynolds_

This 233-page book is a fresh and effective approach to elementary school mathematics.

It features ready-to-use activity sheets that are research-based and promote lasting number sense.

Coming to Know Number emphasizes thinking in tens and mathematical reasoning. Two decades of research with these activities document the effectiveness of using Problem Centered Learning in helping students develop strong number sense and confidence in themselves as mathematics students.

> **"An indispensable supplement to any mathematics program."**
> 
> **Featuring**

*   A fresh and effective approach to number development
*   A rich set of pupil-ready activity sheets
*   Encourages students to construct meaningful methods of computing
*   Helps students learn to think in tens
*   Enhances mathematical reasoning in arithmetic
*   Research-based activities shown to promote number development.

### Coming To Know Number (Pupil Pages)

This digital file contains a rich set of pupil-ready activity sheets taken from the full-length textbook.

> "An indispensable supplement to any mathematics program."

*   A fresh and effective approach to number development
*   Encourages students to construct meaningful methods of computing
*   Helps students learn to think in tens -Enhances mathematical reasoning in arithmetic

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*q25any*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=juils&quantity=1)

No refunds
----------

Thank you for your interest in purchasing our educational books and activities. Before you make your purchase, we kindly ask that you carefully read our refund policy outlined below.

No Refunds  
Due to the digital nature of our products, all sales are final. Once you have gained access to the materials, we are unable to offer refunds, exchanges, or cancellations. By making a purchase, you agree to these terms.

Book and Activity Access  
Upon successful payment, you will receive immediate access to the book(s). Please ensure that the email address you provide during the purchase process is accurate, as all communications will be sent to the provided email address.

You'll get an immediate download of the .PDF version of both books (Full Text and Activity Pages)

### Coming to Know Number (Second Edition) Bundle (Full Text + Pupil Pages)

0 ratings

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*q25any*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=juils&quantity=1)