Title: Developing Mathematical Fluency (Full Text)

URL Source: https://mathematicslearning.gumroad.com/l/dmf?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*kbbapd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
1 rating

### **Developing Mathematical Fluency: Mathematics Activities for Grades 5-8 (Full Text) by Grayson Wheatley and George E. Abshire**

Mathematical fluency involves being able to reason mathematically and compute accurately, efficiently, and flexibly (NCTM, 2000).

The meaningful and engaging activities in this book have been carefully designed and tested in classrooms. Emphasis is placed on problem solving, fractions, decimals, percent, and algebraic thinking.

Fundamental to the implementation of this mathematics program is the Problem Centered Learning instructional strategy, in which students work in groups and explain their reasoning to other students.

This 300-page activity resource book is a companion to Coming to Know Number.

Developing Mathematical Fluency is also appropriate for homeschooling, tutors, and interested parents.

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*kbbapd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=ulsls&quantity=1)

No refunds
----------

Thank you for your interest in purchasing our educational books and activities. Before you make your purchase, we kindly ask that you carefully read our refund policy outlined below.

No Refunds  
Due to the digital nature of our products, all sales are final. Once you have gained access to the materials, we are unable to offer refunds, exchanges, or cancellations. By making a purchase, you agree to these terms.

Book and Activity Access  
Upon successful payment, you will receive immediate access to the book(s). Please ensure that the email address you provide during the purchase process is accurate, as all communications will be sent to the provided email address.

You'll get an immediate download of the .PDF version of the full textbook "Developing Mathematical Fluency"

##### 313 Pages

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%

### Developing Mathematical Fluency (Full Text)

1 rating

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*kbbapd*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=ulsls&quantity=1)