Title: No Bullshit Guide to Math and Physics

URL Source: https://minireference.gumroad.com/l/noBSmathphys?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1riaqu2*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzUyNTMuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
24 ratings

Often calculus and mechanics are taught as separate subjects. It shouldn't be like that. Learning calculus without mechanics is incredibly boring. Learning mechanics without calculus is missing the point. This textbook integrates both subjects and highlights the profound connections between them.

This is the deal. Give me 350 pages of your attention, and I'll teach you everything you need to know about functions, limits, derivatives, integrals, vectors, forces, and accelerations. This book is the only math book you'll need for the first semester of undergraduate studies in science.

With concise, jargon-free lessons on topics in math and physics, each section covers one concept at the level required for a first-year university course. **Anyone can pick up this book and become proficient in calculus and mechanics, regardless of their mathematical background.**

#### Table of contents

*   Preface
*   Introduction
*   1\. Math fundamentals (equations, algebra, functions, geometry, trigonometry, set notation)
*   2\. Introduction to physics (kinematics, introduction to calculus)
*   3\. Vectors
*   4\. Mechanics (projectile motion, force diagrams, momentum, energy, SHM)
*   5\. Calculus (limits, derivatives, optimization, integrals, sequences, series)
*   A. Answers and solutions
*   B. Notation
*   C. Constants, units, and conversion ratios
*   D. SymPy tutorial (also available as free download [here](https://minireference.com/static/tutorials/sympy_tutorial.pdf))
*   E. Formulas

> "I had no idea what was going on in physics. Now, I understand. I took calculus I two years ago. I was able to **refresh myself in math and actually do some problems** in the book. Thank you!"  — Shynunik, student

> "I am not sure that this book will ever serve its intended purpose is a textbook given its name, but as a teacher I found this to be an invaluable resource to help me clarify concepts for students and to provide them straightforward examples of how to do mathematical computation. This book is highly portable, and is **rich with straightforward explanations** of mathematical concepts and examples of how to apply them. Highly recommend this book." — Pete, teacher

> "I bought this book because I hadn't attended any type of academic schooling for 10 years, and in my experience with textbooks, the author is dead on, they exist to continually produce money and overcomplicate topics, that haven't changed in hundreds of years. This is totally worth the money, and it's **the equivalent of having an extremely good, expensive tutor** to explain the concepts to you." — Anderson, adult learner

> "I'm working on an engineering degree and this book has **demystified the introductory math and physics concepts** and skill required to even get started in that career field. The second and third order effects of having bought, read, and worked the problems in this book are remarkable. I'd never imagined I could learn calculus or understand mechanics but now they are **firm foundations in my academic background**. If you're looking for a great book to improve you year one college math and physics skills regardless of where you're at in those subjects, this book is for you."  — Lilly, student

> "I ordered this book because of the reviews, and it is just as they describe, very easy to read, and as simple as math could possibly be explained. Author has **cool chill attitude and actually quite funny**, it takes the stress of not getting everything at once away. If you trying to refresh your high school/college knowledge of math and physics than this book will be just right for you." — Juliana, adult learner

#### FAQs:

**Q1**: What is the difference between this book and [No Bullshit Guide to Mathematics](https://gum.co/noBSmath) (the green book)?

**A1**: The green book is a subset of this book that consists only of the high school math review chapters (Chapter 1 and Chapter 3). The idea is to give more people the chance to (re)learn math fundamentals, without going all the way to mechanics and calculus. The green book would be a good choice for high school student and parents of such.

#### More info  

*   [Preview and sample chapter](https://minireference.com/static/excerpts/noBSmathphys_v5_preview.pdf) (170 pages, PDF)
*   Download a PDF with the [concept maps from the book](https://minireference.com/static/conceptmaps/math_and_physics_concepts.pdf).  
    
*   Free [mechanics tutorial](http://minireference.com/static/tutorials/mech_in_7_pages.pdf) (8 pages, PDF)
*   Print copies of the book are available from [LULU](https://www.lulu.com/en/us/shop/ivan-savov/no-bullshit-guide-to-math-and-physics/paperback/product-1k9km6wq.html) and [AMAZON](https://www.amazon.com/dp/0992001005/noBSmathphys).
*   See [minireference.com](http://minireference.com/) for more info.

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1riaqu2*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzUyNTMuMC4wLjA.&product=LgdS&quantity=1)

You'll get the ebook and all future updates.

##### Formats

pdf (2x), epub, and mobi

##### Audience

High school or first-year university students; adults.

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%

### No Bullshit Guide to Math and Physics

24 ratings

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1riaqu2*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzUyNTMuMC4wLjA.&product=LgdS&quantity=1)