Title: The Competitive Programmer Graphs Handbook: Applications of Bipartite Graphs, Functional Graphs, and Euler Paths (early access)

URL Source: https://albegr.gumroad.com/l/competitive-programmer-graphs-handbook?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*f2v2qu*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
1 rating

Graph theory is a field of Mathematics and Computer Science that focuses on graph properties. It allows us to model and solve various problems in computational drawing, engineering, vehicle routing, genetic biology, and the social sciences.

As a former Competitive Programmer, I didn't just learn about graph theory in a classroom. I encountered many problems that could be solved using this fascinating field. It became one of my favorite topics in Computer Science, and I had the opportunity to share this passion by teaching it for two semesters at my alma mater.

This book is not just a collection of problems. It's a curated selection of graph theory problems I encountered as a competitive programmer, carefully refined to teach you the theoretical framework around three significant topics in graph theory: bipartite graphs, functional graphs, and Eulerian paths.

The book is divided into five chapters:

1.  **Introduction:** A brief overview of the book and how to best use it.
2.  **Preliminaries:** This chapter covers the necessary general knowledge of graph theory to understand the following topics fully.
3.  **Bipartite Graphs:** Dedicated to bipartite graphs, their uses, and applications in different scenarios.
4.  **Functional Graphs:** Unveiling the wonders of this rare but fascinating type of graph.
5.  **Eulerian Paths:** The final chapter explores interesting applications of one of graph theory's most beautiful mathematical topics: Eulerian paths and circuits.
    
    * * *
    

**Note:** This is an ongoing project. By purchasing this product, you will gain access to the current draft and all future updates for free. Your support will help complete this project!

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*f2v2qu*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=veyxx&quantity=1)**5** sales

You'll get a PDF version of the current draft, plus access to all future updates.

##### Pages

21 (now), 100+ (planned)

##### Chapters

2 (now), 5 (planned)

### Ratings

5 stars

100%

4 stars

0%

3 stars

0%

2 stars

0%

1 star

0%

### The Competitive Programmer Graphs Handbook: Applications of Bipartite Graphs, Functional Graphs, and Euler Paths (early access)

1 rating

[Add to cart](https://app.gumroad.com/checkout?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*f2v2qu*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzYwNzguMC4wLjA.&product=veyxx&quantity=1)