Title: Thoth Powerful Plus +11x(Extra Strong)

URL Source: https://sighenergy.gumroad.com/l/CluUW?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*ou9t8b*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzY0NjQuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
1 rating

Represented in the form of the ibis bird or a baboon, god Thoth was related by the ancient Egyptians to writing and wisdom. For them, Thoth was responsible for the creation of hieroglyphic writing, mathematics, architecture, medicine, and all the other sciences that the Egyptians used. According to the belief of this civilization, this deity understood all the mysteries of the human mind.

Moreover, the god was considered to be humanity's advocate. In one of the most widespread scenes from the Book of the Dead, the "Court of Osiris," Thoth appears recording the result of the trial that the dead man had to go through in order to ensure his eternal life. This judgment would consist of weighing the heart of the individual who had died, since the Egyptians believed that people's consciousness was precisely in their hearts. If this part of the body proved to be lighter than the feather of the goddess Maat, a deity related to truth, order, and justice, the deceased would have the right to live for all eternity with the god Osiris, related to the world of the dead. However, should the heart become heavier than Maat's feather, the body and soul of the judged person would disappear forever.

The representation of this god in the form of an ibis with a curved beak, widely spread by the Egyptians, is related to the moon. Thus, they believed the bird to be one of Thoth's earthly representatives. This god, besides being responsible for wisdom, writing, astronomy, mathematics, time measurement, among other elements, would also be the god of the Moon. The importance of Thoth to the ancient Egyptians is well known, since the lunar cycle determined various aspects of the civil and religious activities of this society.

Thoth's name appears in the Pyramid Texts, which consist of a collection of prayers and mortuary hymns intended to protect the pharaohs and their wives in order to assure them of eternal life.

The main place of worship of this deity was Hermopolis, located in Middle Egypt and called Khmunu by the Egyptians, meaning "the city of the eight gods.

by Ziaber

THOTH or TOT: He is the god of writing and wisdom. The Egyptians believed that Thoth had created the Hieroglyphics. Thoth was also knowledgeable in mathematics, astronomy, magic, and represented all scientific knowledge. His earliest association refers to him as the god of the Moon.

Thoth is usually depicted with the image of an Ibis (bird) and because it has a beak similar to the moon, they considered the Ibis a sacred animal. He also appears with a baboon's head.

Representation of Thoth

Thoth appears in many myths of ancient Egypt. In one version of the myth between Horus and Seth, the god of writing heals Horus' eye that had been gouged out by Seth. He taught Isis spells that allowed her to bring Osiris back to life. Already in the endless battle of the sun god Ra against the serpent Apophis, Thoth is also seen as a being who helped in this struggle. In Osiris' court, Thoth notes the outcome of the lives of those on trial and hands them over to Osiris.

The Egyptians believed that Thoth was also the creator of the 365-day calendar, and they thought that the god had an enormous capacity to know all the formulas of the universe, since in many myths he appears using magic to help other gods. Thoth's most important cult was in Hermopolis, but he was worshiped throughout Egypt and Nubia.

By Bell

Main Benefits :

\-Consciousness Download

\-Wisdom Download

\-Knowledge Download

\-Intelligence Download

\-Power Download

\-Love Download

\-Talents Download

\-Skill Download

\-Energy infusion

\-Blessings

Once a day is enough