Title: Math Pi Day Bundle of 24 T-Shirt Designs SVG and PNG Merch by Amazon Ready 4500x5400px Digital Download Files Mathematics Teacher Geek Nerd

URL Source: https://mercharts.gumroad.com/l/tBQNG?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*17j8kej*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzY1MzUuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
0 ratings

Mathematics, Pi Day bundle of 24 designs for your Merch by Amazon or another POD project. You can use designs not only on t-shirts but also on mugs, tote bags, phone cases, and other merchandise.

**File Types: SVG, PNG**

**File Size (PNG): 4500x5400px**

**\* "Captain Pi" design provided only in PNG format**

PNG - ready to upload file in MBA size (4500x5400, transparent background) for t-shirts, tank tops, long sleeve shirts, sweatshirts, and raglan. Perfectly fits other print-on-demand sites like RedBubble, TeePublic, Spreadshirt, etc.

SVG - editable vector file. Use it to recolor, resize, or redesign the clip art. Compatible with all paid and free software like Adobe Illustrator, Inkscape, and others. Suitable for cutting machine projects on Cricut Design Space, Silhouette Cameo Designer Edition, and similar.

Suggested Keywords: math, mathematics, mathematician, pi day, nerd, geek, teacher

**You CAN**

\- Use the artwork on Merch by Amazon and other POD (print on demand) platforms with or without modifications;

\- Sell physical products (including POD items) with this design on Etsy, eBay, or any other online platform;

\- Print artwork on t-shirts, posters, mugs, pillows, stickers, caps, and any other merchandise;

\- Print artwork and sell it in your local shop;

\- Create book covers;

\- Print and sell printed products in an UNLIMITED number of copies;

\- Use the artwork for promotional purposes - mockups, website banners, advertising, flyers, presentations, etc.;

\- Edit/modify the artwork as you want;

\- Include it as part of your own artwork (in this case, you still can't resell it in digital format and can't claim the copyright on it).

**You CAN NOT**

\- You may not resell, transfer, share, give away, or sublicense the actual digital file/design (or part of it) or its copy;

\- You may not claim the copyright on artwork.