Title: Coming To Know Number (Second Edition) + Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense In Mathematics (Second Edition) Full Text Bundle

URL Source: https://mathematicslearning.gumroad.com/l/ctknqdbundle?layout=discover&recommended_by=search&_gl=1*1jb5ou4*_ga*MTM1NzY2MTEwNy4xNzIzMTczMTQ3*_ga_6LJN6D94N6*MTcyNDAzMzMzNy4xMC4xLjE3MjQwMzUyNjQuMC4wLjA.

Markdown Content:
### **NEW!!**

**Save by purchasing the Full Texts of two of Dr. Grayson Wheatley's most popular textbooks together as a bundle.**

**When you purchase this bundle, you get instant access to download all three .PDF files:**

1.  **Coming To Know Number (Second Edition) (Full Text)**
2.  **Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense in Mathematics (Second Edition) (Full Text)**

### **1) Coming To Know Number (Second Edition) (Full Text)**

This 233-page book is a fresh and effective approach to elementary school mathematics.

It features ready-to-use activity sheets that are research-based and promote lasting number sense.

Coming to Know Number emphasizes thinking in tens and mathematical reasoning. Two decades of research with these activities document the effectiveness of using Problem Centered Learning in helping students develop strong number sense and confidence in themselves as mathematics students.

> **"An indispensable supplement to any mathematics program."**
> 
> **Featuring**

*   A fresh and effective approach to number development
*   A rich set of pupil-ready activity sheets
*   Encourages students to construct meaningful methods of computing
*   Helps students learn to think in tens
*   Enhances mathematical reasoning in arithmetic
*   Research-based activities shown to promote number development.

### **2) Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense In Mathematics (Second Edition) (Full Text)**

Provide your students with a powerful teaching tool. Enliven your teaching with Quick Draw!

*   Develops geometric concepts and vocabulary
*   Provides a basis for number development
*   Promotes imaging as a brain activity.
*   Creates a mindset for learning
*   Develops a positive attitude toward mathematics

> Teacher Comments: “I start each math lesson with Quick Draw. Now the students won’t let me skip it.”

_Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense in Mathematics_ is an excellent lesson opener that gets students' attention and encourages spatial reasoning.

_Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense in Mathematics_ improves mathematical learning and helps establish a classroom atmosphere conducive to real learning.

_Quick Draw: Developing Spatial Sense in Mathematics_ activities are effective at all grade levels.

They develop geometric concepts and vocabulary, provide a basis for number development, promote imaging as a brain activity, create a learning mindset, and develop a positive attitude toward mathematics.